India:
India, short for Republic of India, is the biggest country in South Asia. It has frontiers Pakistan in the northwest, Burma in the east, 
and Sri Lanka in the southeast. Bangladesh, Nepal, Bhutan and China border on it in the northeast(Arabian sea, Bay of Bengal). It has vast 
territory and abundant resources.

As one of the four great ancient civilizations, India has a history of nearly 5000 years. It is the cradleland/birthplace of Buddhism which has a big 
influence to the world. During the reign of Emperor Tai Zong(627-649) of the Tang Dynasty, at his request, esteemed Buddhist Monk Xuan Zhang 
was sent to India for scriptures. Even in contemporary China, some customs derive their origin from Buddhism.

Different nation has different customs. So does India. Typical India people greet each other by saying "Namaste, Namaste, Namaste" which means 
"I bow to you". 


First Impression:
It's important to give a good first impression to the clients. The basic cautions can include being punctual and dressing suitably. 



Brazil:
Brazilian
football, samba, good dancers, hospitable and outgoing, 
local middleman 当地中间商  agent, local helper
 a local helper who helps you deal with the laws and local business culture
(1) We found a local middleman who helped us get our company set up in China.
(2) A local middleman is important in helping you get the correct permits. 一个当地的中间商在帮助你得到正确的许可方面是很重要的。

came/come highly recommended by 被强烈推荐  
when someone you trust tells you that someone or sth else is good.
(1) This Indian restaurant came highly recommended by my Indian friend.
(2) He comes highly recommended by his previous boss.

with an eye to 着眼于...., 为了....
in order to
(1) I am practicing my English with an eye to getting more foreign clients.
(2) The company is expanding with an eye to opening more offices in Shanghai.

red tape 繁文缛节
rules and laws a company must follow
(1) Our local middleman cut through the red tape on our permits. 我们的当地中间商在我方的允许下减少了繁文缛节。
(2) Brazil is known for having lots of red tape.

customs permit 海关许可证
a piece of paper that allows you to move goods over a country's border
(1) Our local middleman will help us get a Brazilian customs permit.
(2) Customs will check our customs permits at the airport. 海关人员会在机场检查我们的海关许可证。

a booming commodities market 一个繁荣的商品市场
a market for raw materials that is doing very well
(1) Thanks to Chinese demand, Brazil is enjoying a booming commodities market.
(2) A booming commodities market is good for traders.

iron ore 铁矿石
a rock with iron in it
(1) Australia exports lots of iron ore to China.
(2) Steel is made using iron ore and coal.

a nominal fee 一个工本费
a small fee
(1) We can give you your license for a nominal fee. 给我们工本费，我们可以给你许可证。
(2) This nominal fee isn't very nominal! 这个工本费可不算少！

bribery 行贿




Dubai
oil, desert, camels, headdress, Islam, 7-star hotel, 
pious people 有信仰的人
people who are very religious
(1) Pious people follow more of their religion's rules.
(2) Saudi Arabians are pious people.

When in Rome, do as the Romans do. 入乡随俗。
follow local customs when you are in a new place
(1) In France, when I greeted a woman, I would kiss her on both cheeks. When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
(2) Visitors to China should learn how to eat with chopsticks. When in Rome, do as the Romans do.

holy day 宗教节日
a day of rest were religious people can go and practice their religion
(1) Halloween used to be a holy day in the Middle Ages.
(2) Sunday is the holy day for Christians. 星期天是基督徒的圣日。

be traditional about 对于...保持保守态度
to hold views or attitudes that are not very open or modern
(1) My grandpa is traditional about how he handles money.
(2) Older people are more traditional about dating than young people. 对于约会这件事，年长的人比年轻人更保守。

I'd really like to see some movement on 我真的很想看到...的进展
to tell someone sth you'd like to see get better, or to see more work down on
(1) I'd really like to see some movement on the tax problem.
(2) I'd really like to see some movement on the new project.

Sheikh 族长
a name for an older man in Arabic culture, or a leader of an group in Arabia.
(1) Sheikh Omar is the leader of his tribe.
(2) The Sheikh is very busy this entire week.

tax avoidance 避税
a way to pay less taxes
(1) A way to save money is to adopt tax avoidance techniques for your business.
(2) Tax avoidance is the key for making a profit.

roll with the punches 逆来顺受，顺势而为
to be ok with changes or setbacks
(1) Ted learned to roll with the punches during the economic downturn.
(2) In this time of change, it's important to learn how to roll with the punches.

My work is experiencing a bottleneck.

